how dissolution shine with mangoes agar
desert now mingle are just in season and
they are very sweet and cheap and plenty
of them and you only need four
ingredients to make this dessert bingo
sagar pearl milk and water
sagar pearl is a myth from the starch of
so good plan and if you cannot find it
you can use for a jelly sock the pearl
in cold water while waiting for the
water to boil after dad after about
three minutes of soaking boiled the
pearl for about five minutes until they
looks translucent like this don't cook
for children because they are starch
based so they can dissolve in water
rinse with cold water and soak the cook
pearl in cold water to prevent them from
sticking now it's time for mango I show
you two ways to obtain the mango flask
and you can choose which one is easier
for you this is the first option
and Todd is also the way usually I eat
the mango scoop the meat or the flash
off mango with a spoon and for the
second option peel the mango skin
and cut the meat or the flash out of the
seed
so each one is easier you can choose
don't forget to dice a mango for the
topping when all the ingredients are
ready we are going to blend to make the
mango juice put the mango flash with
milk in a blender and blend until
homogenised
transfer to a container and put in the
fridge for about three to five hours to
chill it if you don't like this thick
texture you can add more milk and sugar
but I prefer this texture after it is
chilled it's ready to be served
spoon some on the bowl on a serving bowl
this one is perfect for a hot summer day
mmm top with diced mango and the subtle
pearl
the mango dessert already this district
is very popular in Southeast Asia
because mangos are plenty and we have a
long summer day so it's the testing time
in delicious thank you for watching
please like and subscribe my videos are
coming